docs(range tokens): update documentation (#268)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/range-tokens/usage-tutorial.md

---
title: Range Tokens Usage Tutorial
sidebar_label: Usage Tutorial
---

> Now that you have a deployed LSP contract, this tutorial will walk you through the four ways to interact with the contract and your range tokens.

Reviewer: I think this page is good, but might be more understandable with an actual concrete example (similar recommendation as the one for the deployment tutorial). It'd be cool to use the same contract example for both the deployment and usage tutorial

Author: Included examples using the UMA range token. Let me know if there is anywhere you see an opportunity to add an example that I missed.

Once the price is accepted, the `expiryPrice` returned by the Optimistic Oracle is used by the [RangeBond](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/packages/core/contracts/financial-templates/common/financial-product-libraries/long-short-pair-libraries/RangeBondLongShortPairFinancialProductLibrary.sol) financial product library to calculate `expiryPercentLong`. `expiryPrice` and `expiryPercentLong` can be viewed in the Read Contract tab in Etherscan for your LSP contract.

> `settle` can now be called which uses `ExpiryPercentLong` to determine the redemption rate between the long and short tokens by returning a number between 0 and 1, where 0 sends all collateral to the short tokens and 1 sends all collateral to the long tokens. The collateral returned is the sum of the two payouts and both the long and short tokens are burned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`settle` can now be called which uses `ExpiryPercentLong` to determine the redemption rate between the long and short tokens by returning a number between 0 and 1, where a value of 0 allocates all collateral to the short tokens and a value of 1 allocates all collateral to the long tokens. The collateral returned is the sum of the two payouts and both the long and short tokens are burned.
```

I think this could use a numerical example. User A has X short tokens and Y long tokens and receives Q collateral back etc.

Author: I included a numerical example using the UMA range token in the section below. Let me know your thoughts.
